All right.
So let's go ahead and see if we can put this structure here now.
You will see that to make this to work.
Of course, these are text buttons.
You'll see that will click when we click on Start Reading.
This will change color, meaning it's going to we're going to disable it to look like cannot be clicked
again, right?
Let's add a row because everything is side by side modifier vertical alignment, the one center vertically
horizontal arrangement.
To start, OK, let's add a text button.
There's different kinds of buttons, text buttons and so forth.
And then right after that, I'm going to say enabled.
Now here's the thing.
How are we going to know whether this is enable or not?
Well, the idea is this is going to be enabled if they started reading field from our database because
we're going to have we have that field, right?
If they started reading field is no.
That makes sense because we want to make it enabled to say, well, you can enable it now because we
haven't started, so we can do that by checking our book.
Say, started reading his novel, then we're going to take whatever.
If it's true, then this is going to be enabled.
If it's false, then is this going to be disabled?
What I'm going to do inside also going to check something else and say if in this case is started,
which we haven't created yet.
So they started reading Let's Create is started reading our top here and say, remember?
Mutable state, state of the city falls, OK, back here, so if is started reading.
Is the opposite, that value is not true, so it's it's the opposite of what it is at this point.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to add a text here that will say started reading, she's going to toggle
back and forth.
Really?
OK.
Else in this case, a lot of Alsace here, let's say text.
Oh, actually, this has to be start.
Really?
That makes sense, Alison when she started reading.
I'm going to pass an alpha modified because I want to change the way it looks, so it's going to be
zero that six f right to show it, that to show it, that this is disabled now by this point.
And then let's give a color.
It's a color red of the alpha of about 0.5 f floats like this.
All right.
So in any other case here, I'm going to say text.
Right, in this case, we'll know that they have started reading where, say, started on, and we're
going to finish that at some point.
Looks like you have too many things going on.
Let's go like this.
OK.
So we have this have this if.
ALS and to have another if statement here, right?
If book.
That started reading, so I want to check that first put that inside, you like this.
All right.
So man, I'm going to put an else statement there.
Let's walk through this real quick search to make sure you understand.
So what do we want to do is when this start reading is clicked?
First of all, we are going to, first of all, actually this text button.
It's going to either be enabled or disabled depending on the book status, right, if it started reading.
So if books that started reading is known, that means it's true.
So Enable is going to be true, which means it's going to look like this, right?
And then we're going to check real quick inside of this book was going to change this text, depending
on the situation.
OK, so we're going to check if ebook in this case, if started reading the value.
We're going to toggle back and forth, right, so that's why would that instead of a remember, immutable
state?
So in this case, here we started reading.
It's true or it's the opposite.
Whatever it is, we're going to face start reading, right?
So it's going to look like they start reading.
Else is going to say, started reading, meaning we going to change this text to say, started reading
because it would say that you indeed either have clicked to say that they've started reading.
Now this else here is outside the main if from the book started reading coming from our database.
So what we want to do is if books I started reading is not novel, which is going to be catched hot
here in this LS.
What I want to do is we're going to, of course, get the date of when this was started reading why
the date when we started reading this book?
And that's what are we going to add here so we can see text and where they started, then that pass
here?
The book started reading like that.
We will have to format this date later, but we'll get there, so I'm going to do
format date.
Right.
So that's all we're doing here.
Let's go ahead and run just to see what we have there.
OK, let's just pick one, and you can see it is indeed enabled.
And of course, not changing anything.
Why?
Because we need to actually because this tagline here is not happening, because we need to do that
when the buttons text, when the button is clicked on here and which is started reading that value.
First of all, go ahead.
Set true.
When we click on it.
So now if we run again.
I'm going to be able to see that it's going to toggle itself.
OK, let's see.
Click Voila, I started reading again, let's.
Like I said, we don't want to change it back.
Once we start reading it first, we can change that if we want to, but we're just going to leave it
as it is like that.
Let's go ahead and add this second one.
There is going to be the same concept with some minor differences after the Owls.
I put a spacer here.
Say height of about four deep.
In the text button, put it down enabled.
It's going to be depending on book that finished reading.
It's not known.
This.
And then inside, I went to the same thing, go and check if book that finished reading is no, that's
the case, then I'm going to even check further.
So if I'm going to create yet another.
Variable here, immutable variable valve is finished reading.
Remember?
Mutable state of, say, false first, OK.
So we're going to do the same thing, check if it's not finished reading.
If it's not true, then this Kasem's text is going to say what will say, Mark as read, it's just a
normal one else text will say finished reading like this and else, right?
In this case here, grandpa, go to the.
If statement that one.
So I'm going to say else.
Well, the text will say.
Finished reading or finished on and pass in the actual.
Book not finished reading.
And of course, we will come back here to do format like that.
OK, so we're doing the same thing here.
If indeed this is finished.
For course, make sure that no one click here.
We're going to say it's finished reading that value.
We're going to set that to true.
So to drive everything OK again, we are saying is we're going to first check to see if book finished
reading from our database, right?
Finish reading is no is novel in this case, it is novel, and this is true that enables going to be
name, which means they can't actually say Mark as read.
So click and go from there, right?
And then inside here I'm going to check if it's finished.
Reading is not true, then he's going to say Mark as read want them to mark us, right?
Because they haven't finished it.
If they need to say so right, Alice is going to say finish reading because we know that if it's finished,
is it a true, then they finished reading it.
OK, finished reading.
That's going to happen the moment we click it, right?
Wonderful.
Alice, this Alice here is outside for our test here in our book that finished reading If no coming
from our database, if book that finished reading is not novel.
This is where it is going to run, right?
So what I want to do, then we're going to pull in the finished reading date and add it here.
So that when they come back, this is going to be the actual date when they finished something I say
finished on and the date.
Now it's not going to really make a lot of difference visually, but once we have everything set up,
this should work.
Now click.
All right, there we go.
Looking good.
It's finished reading now, it's finished reading that idea is that when you say finished reading,
we can go back and come back, this is going to go and repopulate itself at this point is, are saying
finished reading because it looks at this book that finished finished reading from our book, it's still
no.
So that's why it doesn't even go and read this and added the actual date.
Same with start reading, right?
OK, very good.
So we have this structure here and next we're going to work on the other structures that we need to
add.